In the previous video, we already create topology  with 2 router.
And we also already configure the ip address for all router and pc.
Next in this video, we are going to learn about the
differences between static and dynamic routing.
When we configure static routing,
we add the routing manually,
so ip route, the destination,
and then the next hop or gateway.
So we tell the router, the destination
and the next hop. Let’s see the command,
Here ip route and then the destination,
192.168.2.0 255.255.255.0, and
the next hop is 10.10.10.2,
so we tell router 1, if router 1 want to go to
192.168.2.0/24, router 1 should go to 10.10.10.2.
But if we configure dynamic routing,
we don’t need to do that, but we need
to advertise all of connected network.
Let’s say here in router 1, router 1 have 2
connected network, which is 10.10.10.0/24
and 192.168.1.0/24. So router 1
will advertise this 2 network,
When router 1 advertise this 2 network,
router 1 will tell router 2,
"hey router 2, I have 2 network behind me, which
is 10.10.10.0/24 and 192.168.1.0/24.
So if you want to go to this 2
network, you can go through me".
When router 2 receive advertise from router 1,
router 2 will see it’s routing table. Here router 2
already have information about 10.10.10.0/24,
but router 2 don’t know about 192.168.1.0/24 yet.
So router 2 automatically add network
192.168.1.0/24 to it’s routing table,
and the next hop will be router 1, because
router  receive this information from router 1.
Let’s write it, let’s say this is dynamic,
When router 2 receive 10.10.10.0/24, router 2
already have an information about this,
so we don’t need to write it, and then when router 2
receive an information about 192.168.1.0/24,
router 2 don’t know about this network yet,
so router 2 will add this
network to the routing table.
This is also work when router 2
advertise the connected network.
Router 2 will advertise
10.10.10.0/24 and 192.168.2.0/24.
When router 1 receive advertise from router 2,
router 1 will see the routing table,
router 1 already have an information about 10.10.10.0/24,
but router 1 don’t know about 192.168.2.0/24, so
router1 will have new network in the routing table automatically,
which is 192.168.2.0/24 and
the next hop is router 2, which is 10.10.10.2
I am sorry here I do a mistake, in the router 2,
the dynamic routing should be 192.168.1.0/24.
Okay this is the concept of dynamic routing.
So remember that if we use dynamic routing,
each router will advertise
their connected network,
and then the routing will added automatically,
we don’t need to add routing manually anymore.
Okay I think enough for this video, in
the next video we are going to learn
how to configure dynamic routing.
Thank you for watching and see you on the next video.